Docs/main readme (#206)
neicnordic/sda-pipeline: README.md

> # sda-pipeline 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# sda-pipeline
```

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/neicnordic/sda-pipeline?status.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/neicnordic/sda-pipeline?tab=subdirectories)

[![Build Status](https://github.com/neicnordic/sda-pipeline/workflows/Go/badge.svg)](https://github.com/neicnordic/sda-pipeline/actions)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/neicnordic/sda-pipeline)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/neicnordic/sda-pipeline)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/github/neicnordic/sda-pipeline)](https://shields.io)

[![DeepSource](https://static.deepsource.io/deepsource-badge-light.svg)](https://deepsource.io/gh/neicnordic/sda-pipeline/?ref=repository-badge)

`sda-pipeline` is part of [NeIC Sensitive Data Archive](https://neic-sda.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and implements the components required for data submission.
It can be used as part of a [Federated EGA](https://ega-archive.org/federated) or as a isolated Sensitive Data Archive. 
`sda-pipeline` was built with support for both S3 and POSIX storage.

## Deployment

Recommended provisioning method for production is:

> * on a [Kubernetes cluster](https://github.com/neicnordic/sda-helm/), using `kubernetes` and `helm` charts;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* on a , `kubernetes cluster` using the [helm chart](https://github.com/neicnordic/sda-helm/);
```
